Release 10.0-beta1 and improve server settings documentation. (#33741)
zulip/zulip: docs/overview/changelog.md

- Added UI support for data exports with member consent, including a
  privacy setting for users to specify whether their private data can
  be included in data exports.

> - Added new settings option to only show edit history entries that are moved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new settings option to allow viewing message moves but not message edits.

```

- The `ignore_pull_requests` flag for the Travis CI integration was
  removed in favor of Zulip's generic event-filtering support.
- System bot avatars are now shipped with the server, instead of
  relying on Gravatar, and have been redesigned.
- Removing the last subscriber from a channel no longer automatically
  archives it.

> - Changing bot owners no longer removes the bot from channels that the
>   new bot owner was not subscribed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changing a bot's owner no longer removes the bot from channels that the
  new owner is not subscribed to.
```

- Migrated the remainder of the server's API parsing code to the
  `typed_endpoint` abstraction backed by Pydantic v2, improving
  performance and readability of the server project.
- Migrated almost all remaining JavaScript to TypeScript, fixing many
  minor bugs and latent issues.
- Migrated Python dependency management from `pip` to `uv`.
- Upgraded dependencies, including Django 5.1.

#### Upgrade notes for 10.0

- There's a known bug in 10.0-beta1 that will permanently break
  `/near/` URL links to existing topics in channels named "general
  chat". Installations that make use of topics with that name should

>   not upgrade to `10.0-beta1`. (The bug will be fixed in 10.0).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  not upgrade to `10.0-beta1`. (The bug will be fixed in 10.0.)
```
